
Liron, Doron
EX: 2

FILES:

README - This file.

MAKEFILE - The file to run the project.

uthreads.cpp - The library with the implemented functions to test time.

Thread.h - The skeleton for the thread class, documenting and stating each of its methods and
 varaibles and all the one line methods.

Thread.cpp - The implementation of the two c'tors of the thread class.

REMARKS:

ANSWERS:

Q1: One general use of user-level threads are automatic saves of the program that a user is working on such as word.
The choice to use user level threads in this case is justified and reasonable since the only use for the operating system
 here is to write to the open file stream. Using minimal OS resources and since the user is only editing the text
 hes working on then the user level threads fits.

Q2: The advanteges are: Proccess are protected from each other requiring the os to communicate,
 its an advantge since each
 tab is independent, another advantage is that different proccess have different stacks,
 and as such creating security and saftey of the data on every tab.

The disadvantages are: Context switch time is higher, also the fact that each tab is its own proccess
 costs in memory resources.

Q3: We will denote what happens when the we use the given command:

    The input from the keyboard is read and transmitted to a buffer which saves the given proccesss id.
    After pressing the 'enter' key the command kill is executed by creating a trap that switches the OS
     to kernel mode to handle the call.
    The OS then reads the given command.
    The OS then saves the current enviornment.
    Then the OS sends a system call with a signal SIGTERM to the proccess with the given id which causes it to terminate.
    The OS then returns to the saved enviornment and switches back to user mode and gives control back to the user.

Q4: Vitual time is a time advancement paradigm used to handle the course of events within the simulation model.
 Event based simulations use event queues that allow the simulation time to advance to the
 time stamp of the next event.
 In this way time scale can be stretched or compressed, depending on the needs of the model.
 Meanwhile real time cannot be compressed or stopped, and is significate only to the programmers
  rather then the system itself.
 An example to the usage of virtual time is when you want to stop a timer of a given proccess while 
not knowing the amount of time (seconds, miliseconds etc..) you wish to stop it, and afterwards resume the timer.
 An example to the usage of real time is when you want to make a thread sleep then you use the
 real time you want the given thread to sleep (i.e 5 sec, 10 sec etc...).

